androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$anim
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$bool
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/activity/ktx/R.java
 androidx.activity.ktx.R
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$color
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$id
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$string
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$style
 androidx.activity.ktx.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/startup/R.java
 androidx.startup.R
 androidx.startup.R$string
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/emoji2/R.java
 androidx.emoji2.R
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
com/iiordanov/pubkeygenerator/R.java
 com.iiordanov.pubkeygenerator.R
 com.iiordanov.pubkeygenerator.R$drawable
 com.iiordanov.pubkeygenerator.R$id
 com.iiordanov.pubkeygenerator.R$layout
 com.iiordanov.pubkeygenerator.R$menu
 com.iiordanov.pubkeygenerator.R$string
 com.iiordanov.pubkeygenerator.R$style
com/iiordanov/aRDP/R.java
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$anim
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$animator
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$array
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$attr
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$bool
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$color
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$dimen
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$drawable
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$id
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$integer
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$interpolator
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$layout
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$menu
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$string
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$style
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$styleable
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.R$xml
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$menu
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
androidx/preference/ktx/R.java
 androidx.preference.ktx.R
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
androidx/preference/R.java
 androidx.preference.R
 androidx.preference.R$attr
 androidx.preference.R$bool
 androidx.preference.R$color
 androidx.preference.R$dimen
 androidx.preference.R$drawable
 androidx.preference.R$id
 androidx.preference.R$integer
 androidx.preference.R$layout
 androidx.preference.R$string
 androidx.preference.R$style
 androidx.preference.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/lifecycle/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.ktx.R
 androidx.lifecycle.ktx.R$id
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
com/github/luben/zstd/R.java
 com.github.luben.zstd.R
androidx/savedstate/ktx/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.ktx.R
 androidx.savedstate.ktx.R$id
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.core.ktx.R
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.ktx.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/R.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$anim
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$array
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$attr
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$bool
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$color
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$dimen
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$drawable
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$id
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$integer
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$layout
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$menu
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$string
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$style
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$styleable
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.R$xml
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
com/iiordanov/aRDP/BuildConfig.java
 com.iiordanov.aRDP.BuildConfig
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
com/undatech/remoteClientLib/R.java
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$anim
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$array
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$attr
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$bool
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$color
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$dimen
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$drawable
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$id
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$integer
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$layout
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$menu
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$string
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$style
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$styleable
 com.undatech.remoteClientLib.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/ktx/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.ktx.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.ktx.R$id
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
androidx/window/R.java
 androidx.window.R
 androidx.window.R$attr
 androidx.window.R$id
 androidx.window.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
com/undatech/remoteClientUi/R.java
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$anim
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$animator
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$array
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$attr
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$bool
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$color
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$dimen
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$drawable
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$id
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$integer
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$interpolator
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$layout
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$menu
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$string
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$style
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$styleable
 com.undatech.remoteClientUi.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/process/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.process.R
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
androidx/sqlite/db/ktx/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.ktx.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
androidx/fragment/ktx/R.java
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$color
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$id
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$string
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$style
 androidx.fragment.ktx.R$styleable
net/sqlcipher/R.java
 net.sqlcipher.R
 net.sqlcipher.R$string
androidx/emoji2/viewsintegration/R.java
 androidx.emoji2.viewsintegration.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R$id
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
