com/freerdp/freerdpcore/domain/ManualBookmark.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.ManualBookmark
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.ManualBookmark$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.ManualBookmark$GatewaySettings
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.ManualBookmark$GatewaySettings$1
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/HomeActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.HomeActivity
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.HomeActivity$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.HomeActivity$2
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.HomeActivity$3
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.HomeActivity$4
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.HomeActivity$5
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.HomeActivity$SuperBarTextWatcher
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/SessionView.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionView
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionView$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionView$SessionDoubleGestureListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionView$SessionGestureListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionView$SessionViewListener
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/BuildConfig.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.BuildConfig
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/IntEditTextPreference.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.IntEditTextPreference
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/application/SessionState.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.application.SessionState
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.application.SessionState$1
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/services/HistoryDB.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.HistoryDB
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/services/SessionRequestHandlerActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.SessionRequestHandlerActivity
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/AppCompatPreferenceActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.AppCompatPreferenceActivity
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/application/NetworkStateReceiver.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.application.NetworkStateReceiver
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/application/ScreenReceiver.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.application.ScreenReceiver
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/application/GlobalApp.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.application.GlobalApp
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.application.GlobalApp$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.application.GlobalApp$DisconnectTask
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/BookmarkActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.BookmarkActivity
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.BookmarkActivity$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.BookmarkActivity$2
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.BookmarkActivity$3
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.BookmarkActivity$4
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/SessionActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$2
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$3
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$4
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$5
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$6
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$7
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$8
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$9
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$LibFreeRDPBroadcastReceiver
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$PinchZoomListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.SessionActivity$UIHandler
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/IntListPreference.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.IntListPreference
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/domain/ConnectionReference.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.ConnectionReference
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/services/ManualBookmarkGateway.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.ManualBookmarkGateway
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/domain/BookmarkBase.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$AdvancedSettings
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$AdvancedSettings$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$DebugSettings
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$DebugSettings$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$PerformanceFlags
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$PerformanceFlags$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$ScreenSettings
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.BookmarkBase$ScreenSettings$1
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/ShortcutsActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ShortcutsActivity
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ShortcutsActivity$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ShortcutsActivity$2
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ShortcutsActivity$3
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/services/FreeRDPSuggestionProvider.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.FreeRDPSuggestionProvider
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/RDPFileParser.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.RDPFileParser
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/DoubleGestureDetector.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.DoubleGestureDetector
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.DoubleGestureDetector$GestureHandler
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.DoubleGestureDetector$OnDoubleGestureListener
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/domain/QuickConnectBookmark.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.QuickConnectBookmark
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.QuickConnectBookmark$1
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/SeparatedListAdapter.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.SeparatedListAdapter
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/ButtonPreference.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.ButtonPreference
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/Mouse.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.Mouse
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/BookmarkArrayAdapter.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.BookmarkArrayAdapter
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.BookmarkArrayAdapter$1
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/services/BookmarkDB.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.BookmarkDB
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/GestureDetector.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.GestureDetector
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.GestureDetector$GestureHandler
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.GestureDetector$OnDoubleTapListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.GestureDetector$OnGestureListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.GestureDetector$SimpleOnGestureListener
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/ScrollView2D.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ScrollView2D
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ScrollView2D$ScrollView2DListener
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/services/QuickConnectHistoryGateway.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.QuickConnectHistoryGateway
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/domain/PlaceholderBookmark.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.PlaceholderBookmark
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.domain.PlaceholderBookmark$1
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/services/LibFreeRDP.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.LibFreeRDP
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.LibFreeRDP$EventListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.LibFreeRDP$UIEventListener
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/KeyboardMapper.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.KeyboardMapper
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.KeyboardMapper$KeyProcessingListener
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/TouchPointerView.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.TouchPointerView
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.TouchPointerView$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.TouchPointerView$TouchPointerGestureListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.TouchPointerView$TouchPointerListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.TouchPointerView$UIHandler
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/utils/ClipboardManagerProxy.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.ClipboardManagerProxy
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.ClipboardManagerProxy$HCClipboardManager
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.ClipboardManagerProxy$OnClipboardChangedListener
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.utils.ClipboardManagerProxy$PreHCClipboardManager
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/AboutActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.AboutActivity
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/services/BookmarkBaseGateway.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.services.BookmarkBaseGateway
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/HelpActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.HelpActivity
com/freerdp/freerdpcore/presentation/ApplicationSettingsActivity.java
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ApplicationSettingsActivity
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ApplicationSettingsActivity$ClientPreferenceFragment
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ApplicationSettingsActivity$PowerPreferenceFragment
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ApplicationSettingsActivity$SecurityPreferenceFragment
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ApplicationSettingsActivity$SecurityPreferenceFragment$1
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ApplicationSettingsActivity$SecurityPreferenceFragment$2
 com.freerdp.freerdpcore.presentation.ApplicationSettingsActivity$UiPreferenceFragment
